(lively music)
We're DNA&STONE.
The creative agency that doesn't flinch.
For brands that go there.
Go where?
Glad you asked.
The real emotions
that most people turn away from.
The fear.
Joy.
(kids laughing)
Pain.
And love.
Happy stuff.
Hard stuff.
Real stuff.
Because brands that go there win.
Consumers are three times.
Three times.
More likely to spend on brands
they're emotionally connected to.
And brands that are good
at emotional messaging.
See 50% higher revenue growth.
So what gives us the right to go there?
Radical empathy.
Deep emotional intelligence for the consumer,
Client.
And business.
It's not about understanding.
It's about killing bias.
Sharing space
and allowing ourselves to feel
what our audience feels.
To take on the pressure our clients feel
as our own.
And bringing our own life stuff to the work.
Then turning that into work
that moves people and business.
If you're ready to go there with us, let's go.